Great joy, great joy
Where does joy come from?
Nearly 30 officials were copied from the palace and its four books
Manluo is Li Si's confidant
Copied nearly 30 million taels of silver.
Haha, I didn't expect this group of abyss
They know how to interrogate.
How can the army know the way of interrogation?
Nothing more than inventing some kind of planing
Vegetable basin temporary execution
The means are extremely cruel
It was only through these that Li Feng's confession was obtained
OK
But Qin Yuan is not only incompetent in marriage, but also cruel
At that time, this king will be able to name
Replace it with righteousness
Hahahahaha
The officials who were arrested
Now in that prison
Get someone to tell them to give their mouth to the truth
Stricter than that is the punishment invented by the faint king
I'm afraid not many people can handle it.
If you can't bear it, you have to bear it
Let them choose whether to die or one is full
Yes, I understand.
Report to the Prime Minister
The emperor only used the overloaded money to see Yaotai
Humph
What tea greed
Obviously trying to take advantage of the opportunity to make money
Construct Judaism for your own enjoyment
Prime Minister, how nice is this?
At that time, there will be another reason to abolish Junjun